[OSDOCS#19417]: Added files for 4.21.12 z-stream release notes (#110876)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/zstream-4-21-12.adoc

Issued: 28 April 2026

[role="_abstract"]
{product-title} release {product-version}.12 is now available. The list of fixed issues that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2026:10088[RHBA-2026:10088] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2026:10086[RHBA-2026:10086] advisory.

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.21.12 --pullspecs
----

[id="zstream-4-21-12-enhancements_{context}"]
== Enhancements

* In {product-title} release {product-version}.12 and later, you can limit the duration of Kubernetes events by setting the `eventTTLMinutes` property. Previously, that etcd feature was listed as a Technology Preview feature. The feature is now generally available for {product-title} release {product-version}.12 and later. (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-83858[OCPBUGS-83858])

[id="zstream-4-21-12-fixed-issues_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

> * Before this update, Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Internal Load Balancers (ILBs) failed to provision when node names were configured as fully qualified domain names (FQDNs). With this update, the filtering logic is corrected. As a consequence, GCP ILBs now provision successfully when node names are FQDNs. (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-83615[OCPBUGS-83615])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, {gcp-first} Internal Load Balancers (ILBs) failed to provision when node names were configured as fully qualified domain names (FQDNs). With this update, the filtering logic is corrected. As a consequence, {gcp-short} ILBs now provision successfully when node names are FQDNs. (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-83615[OCPBUGS-83615])
```
Be sure to use product attributes when they exist.
